1. How many features (pos ionization and neg ionization modes) have the same SIRIUS/CSI:FingerID and ISDB annotation by comparing the InCHIKey2D of the annotations?
2. Which extracts have features (pos ionization mode) annotated as the class, aspidosperma-type alkaloids, by CANOPUS with a probability score above 0.5, ordered by the decresing count of features as aspidosperma-type alkaloids? Group by extract.
3. Provide the wikidata ids of the chemical entities annotated by SIRIUS for Tabernaemontana coffeoides seeds extract taxon obtained in positive mode which are also reported in the Tabernaemontana genus in Wikidata.
4. What are the Wikidata IDs of chemical entities that have ChEMBL activity against Trypanosoma cruzi target?
5. Filter the pos ionization mode features of the Melochia umbellata taxon annotated as [M+H]+ by SIRIUS to keep the ones for which a feature in neg ionization mode is detected with the same retention time (+/- 3 seconds) and a mass corresponding to the [M-H]- SIRIUS adduct (+/- 5ppm). Provide the features and retention time.
6. For features from the Melochia umbellata taxon in pos ionization mode with SIRIUS annotations, get the ones for which a feature in neg ionization mode with the same retention time (+/- 3 seconds) has the same SIRIUS annotation by comparing the InCHIKey 2D. Return the features, retention times, and InChIKey2D.
7. How many features annotated as 'Tetraketide meroterpenoids' by CANOPUS are found for each submitted taxon and extract in database?
8. What are all distinct submitted taxons for the extracts of the Desmodium heterophyllum?
9. What are the taxons, lab process and label (if one exists) for each sample? Sort by sample and then lab process.
10. What are the retention times, parent masses, and associated Spec2Vec peaks for features in the LC-MS analysis of the plant Rumex nepalensis in positive ion mode?
11. How unique InChIKey2D are among the structural annotations?
12. How many distinct Wikidata identifiers (WD IDs) have the same metabolite annotation (considering only the plannar structure)?
13. Count the number of LCMS features in negative ionization mode.
14. Which molecules (represented by their InChIkey) have reported ChEMBL activity with activity type IC50 and activity values below 500 nM against Leishmania donovani target?
15. What are the mass spectrometry features detected for the plant Rumex nepalensis?
16. What are the chemical structure ISDB annotations for Lovoa trichilioides ?
17. What is the highest inhibition percentage recorded for compounds from Rauvolfia vomitoria extract?
18. Can you provide the SMILES notation and the Wikidata IDs for the compound with the highest precursor ion mass in the MS2 spectra from extracts of Lovoa trichilioides by looking at SIRIUS annotations?
19. What are the retention times and molecular masses of compounds identified in the negative ionization mode LCMS analysis from Lovoa trichilioides extracts, and what are the CANOPUS chemical class annotations for those features?
20. Which lab extracts from Melochia umbellata yield compounds that, when analyzed in positive ionization mode LCMS, have a retention time of less than 2 minutes and demonstrate an inhibition percentage greater than 70% in bioassay results? Provide lab extracts, retention times and inhibition percentage.
21. Which compounds from Desmodium heterophyllum extracts have annotations from both ISDB and SIRIUS, and what are their molecular masses?
22. What is the distribution of chemical superclasses in the LCMS features annotated by CANOPUS identified from Desmodium heterophyllum extracts?
23. What are the CANOPUS annotations for pairs of features from Desmodium heterophyllum extracts that share a cosine similarity score greater than 0.8? Provide the features and annotations for each feature.
24. Which plant has extracts containing compounds that demonstrated inhibition rates above 50% against Trypanosoma cruzi and are above 800 Da in mass? Provide the lab extracts.
25. What are the SIRIUS structural annotations associated with the MS2 spectra from the lab extracts of Tabernaemontana coffeoides?
26. List the bioassay results at 10µg/mL against T.cruzi for lab extracts of Tabernaemontana coffeoides.
27. What are the most frequent SIRIUS chemical structure annotations (planar structure) observed from the extracts belonging to Hibiscus syriacus?
28. Retrieve the Spec2Vec documents associated with MS2 spectra from the lab extracts of Tabernaemontana coffeoides.
29. What are the ChEMBL targets (ChEMBLTarget) linked to ChEMBL assay results (ChEMBLAssayResults) for chemicals (ChEMBLChemical) sharing InChIKeys (InChIkey) with SIRIUS structural annotations (SiriusStructureAnnotation)?
30. Retrieve the most frequent Spec2Vec peaks and losses characterizing the MS2 spectra from the lab extracts of Tabernaemontana coffeoides.
31. Which lab extracts have bioassay results with inhibition percentages above 50% against Leishmania donovani target at 10 µg/mL?
32. List the LC-MS features that have a chemical class annotation by CANOPUS and have a retention time between 5-7 minutes.
33. Retrieve the lab extracts that have more than 2,000 features detected.
34. What are the LCMS features that have feature areas greater than 1,000,000 in positive ionization mode?
35. List the lab extracts that have bioassay results at 2µg/mL against Trypanosoma brucei rhodesiense.
36. Which ChEMBL documents cited in ChEMBL assay results involve compounds (identified by InChIKeys) that are also observed in SIRIUS structural annotations within lab extracts, and which lab extracts contain the highest number of these shared compounds?
37. For the LC-MS feature observed in the extracts of Tabernaemontana coffeoides, retrieve those that are annotated with a NPCPathways with CANOPUS.
38. Retrieve the Wikidata IDs of chemical entities classified as Terpenoids in the lab extracts of Tabernaemontana coffeoides.
39. Retrieve the Wikidata IDs of chemical entities from Desmodium heterophyllum that are annotated as rotenoids by CANOPUS and have ChEMBL assay results showing activity against Trypanosoma cruzi. Provide also the USIs to the corresponding MS/MS spectra.
40. Retrieve the retention times and parent masses of LCMS features annotated as Terpenoids by CANOPUS in Tabernaemontana coffeoides.
41. What are the most frequent adducts of LCMS features annotated by SIRIUS detected in positive ionization mode from Tabernaemontana coffeoides?
42. What are the LCMS features with the highest area annotated as alkaloids by CANOPUS in Tabernaemontana coffeoides extracts?
43. List the tissue types used to produce the lab extracts of Tabernaemontana coffeoides. Provide the tissue types and lab extracts.
44. Which LCMS features from Tabernaemontana coffeoides have MS2 spectrum that have Spec2Vec peaks with values above 0.8? Provide MS2 spectra.
45. What are the cosmic scores and zodiac scores associated with SIRIUS structural annotations for LCMS features from Tabernaemontana coffeoides?
46. Retrieve the mass differences and cosine similarity scores for spectral pairs involving MS2 spectra from Desmodium heterophyllum.
47. What are the LC-MS features that have GNPS library analogs annotation in Tabernaemontana coffeoides? Provide the features.
48. Which ISDB annotations have consistency scores above 0.7 and taxonomic scores above 0.5 for LCMS features from Tabernaemontana coffeoides? Provide annotations.
49. Retrieve the top-10 lab extracts with the most unique features detected (minimum feature area intensity of 500,000).
50. What are the retention times and adduct types of LCMS features from Desmodium heterophyllum annotated by SIRIUS with a cosmic score greater than 0.4??
51. Retrieve the top 5 tissues used to produce lab extracts that contain compounds with inhibition activity greater than 70% against Leishmania donovani target at 10 µg/mL.
52. List the top 3 lab extracts with the highest number of unique compounds annotated by CANOPUS with a probability greater than 0.9.
53. Which extracts have features (pos ionization mode) annotated as the class, isoquinoline-type alkaloids, by CANOPUS with a probability score above 0.5, ordered by the decresing count? Group by extract.
54. Provide the wikidata ids of the chemical entities annotated by SIRIUS for Tabernaemontana coffeoides seeds extract taxon obtained in positive mode.
55. What are the Wikidata IDs of chemical entities that have ChEMBL activity against Trypanosoma cruzi target?
56. Which chemical compounds from Tabernaemontana coffeoides extract have the same SIRIUS and ISDB annotations in positive and negative ionization mode? Provide the Inchikeys of 10 compounds.
57. Which chemical compounds demonstrated inhibition rates above 50% against Trypanosoma cruzi target? Provide the Inchikeys of 10 compounds.
58. Provide chemical compounds that have reported ChEMBL activity with activity type IC50 and activity values below 500 nM against Trypanosoma cruzi target. Provide the Inchikeys of 10 compounds.
59. Which chemical compounds have been observed both in ChEMBL documents and in SIRIUS structural annotations within lab extracts? Provide the Inchikeys of 10 compounds.
60. Which chemical entities are classified as Terpenoids in the lab extracts of Tabernaemontana coffeoides? Provide the Inchikeys of 10 compounds.
61. Which chemical entities are annotated as the class, aspidosperma-type alkaloids, by CANOPUS with a probability above 0.5? Provide the Inchikeys and corresponding Wikidata IDs of 10 chemical compounds.
62. Retrieve the Inchikeys of chemical entities from Desmodium heterophyllum that are annotated as rotenoids by CANOPUS and have ChEMBL assay results showing activity against Trypanosoma cruzi. Provide 10 Inchikeys.
63. Retrieve the Inchikeys and corresponding Wikidata IDs of chemical compounds with inhibition activity greater than 70% against Leishmania donovani target at 10 µg/mL. Restrict to 10 Inchikeys.
64. Which chemical entities from Melochia umbellata taxon in pos ionization mode have features annotated by SIRIUS? Provide 10 Inchikeys and corresponding Wikidata IDs.
65. What are the InChIKeys and corresponding Wikidata IDs of chemical entities associated with LCMS features in positive ionization mode that have an ISDB annotation and a feature area greater than 1,000,000?
